What's new in PEPit 0.1.0
=========================

- The method ``add_constraint`` has been added to the class ``PEP`` for general constraints not necessarily related to a specific function.
For readability of your code,
we suggest to use the method ``set_initial_condition`` when the constraint is the initial one,
and the method ``add_constraint`` for any other constraint.

- CVXPY solver options can be provided to the method ``PEP.solve``.

- The `tracetrick` option of the method ``PEP.solve`` has been replaced by `dimension_reduction_heuristic`.
Set to None by default, this option can be set to "trace" or "logdet{followed by a number}" to use one of those heuristic.

- The verbose mode of the method ``PEP.solve`` and of the provided examples files are now integers, allowing a bigger granularity.

- The parameters that characterize a function class must be provided directly as arguments of this function class, not through the dict "param" anymore.
Example: `PEP.declare_function(function_class=SmoothStronglyConvexFunction, mu=.1, L=1.)`

- ``null_point`` and ``null_expression`` have been added to the module ``PEPit`` to facilitate the access to a ``Point`` or an ``Expression`` initialized to 0.

- 3 new function classes have been added:
    - ``ConvexSupportFunction`` for convex support functions (see [1])
    - ``ConvexQGFunction``, for convex and quadratically upper bounded functions (see [2])
    - ``RsiEbFunction``, for functions verifying lower restricted secant inequality and upper error bound (see [3])

`[1] A. Taylor, J. Hendrickx, F. Glineur (2017).
Exact worst-case performance of first-order methods for composite convex optimization.
SIAM Journal on Optimization, 27(3):1283–1313.
<https://arxiv.org/pdf/1512.07516.pdf>`_

`[2] B. Goujaud, A. Taylor, A. Dieuleveut (2022).
Optimal first-order methods for convex functions with a quadratic upper bound.
<https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.15033.pdf>`_

`[3] C. Guille-Escuret, B. Goujaud, A. Ibrahim, I. Mitliagkas (2022).
Gradient Descent Is Optimal Under Lower Restricted Secant Inequality And Upper Error Bound.
arXiv 2203.00342.
<https://arxiv.org/pdf/2203.00342.pdf>`_
