What's new in PEPit 0.2.1
=========================

- :class:`PSDMatrix` can now be instantiated with a list of lists. Previously, the argument had to be a ndarray.

- The attribute `matrix_of_expression` of :class:`PSDMatrix` has been renamed to `matrix_of_expressions`.

- Fix: Points that were not associated with Functions could be not evaluable after solving the PEP (See Issue `#74 <https://github.com/PerformanceEstimation/PEPit/issues/74>`_).
       This has been fixed in PR `#75 <https://github.com/PerformanceEstimation/PEPit/pull/75>`_.

- Fix: Constraints on a function defined a linear combination of other functions were not taken into consideration.
       This has been fixed in PR `#80 <https://github.com/PerformanceEstimation/PEPit/pull/80>`_.

- The attributes `list_of_constraints` and `list_of_psd` of :class:`Function` objects have respectively been splitted into
`list_of_constraints` and `list_of_class_constraints` (the latter containing the interpolation constraints of the class of functions),
and into `list_of_psd` and `list_of_class_psd` (the latter containing the lmi interpolation constraints of the class of functions).
The 2 lists containing the interpolation constraints are filled when the PEP solver is called.

- The attributes `list_of_functions` and `list_of_points` of the :class:`PEP` objects are not used anymore in the pipeline.
They still contains the same elements as in previous version of PEPit and can still be called for now.
However, they will be removed in a future version of PEPit, therefore we discourage from using them.
The full list of functions as well as the full list of points can respectively be obtained in
`Function.list_of_functions` and `Point.list_of_points`.
